BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

    a. we made sure we implemented the functions in our code solemly based on the configuratins file fields
    b. it was used in the three classes Table, Dealer and player
    c. trying to modify the fields Configurations and made sure the game worked smoothly

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

    a. We implemented a Barrier at the end of the game so all the players threads will terminate by the order they were created
    b. in the methods terminate() and terminateThreads() in Dealer
    c. Checked in while the Debugging process that it holds.  

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

    a. We made sure every Thread does Specific and small amount of actions and while he cant do them, He waits.
    b. You can see it in the code of the methods called in Run() in both Dealer and Player
    c. We implemented a code on the basis that eveyone is awake as long as he has something to do and backed it up with multiple Testing. 
